tidb: update tidb_index_serial_scan_concurrency docs (#21938)
pingcap/docs: best-practices/tidb-best-practices.md

* Ensure the order of results through indexes

>     You can use indexes to filter or sort data. Firstly, get row IDs according to the index order. Then, return the row content according to the return order of row IDs. In this way, the returned results are ordered according to the index column. It has been mentioned earlier that the model of scanning index and getting row is parallel + pipeline. If the row is returned according to the index order, a high concurrency between two queries does not reduce latency. Thus, the concurrency is low by default, but you can increase it by adjusting [`tidb_executor_concurrency`](/system-variables.md#tidb_executor_concurrency-new-in-v50).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    You can use indexes to filter or sort data. TiDB first gets row IDs according to the index order, and then returns the row content according to the order of those row IDs. In this way, the returned results are ordered according to the index column. It has been mentioned earlier that the model of scanning index and getting row is parallel + pipeline. If the row is returned according to the index order, a high concurrency between two queries does not reduce latency. Thus, the concurrency is low by default, but you can increase it by adjusting [`tidb_executor_concurrency`](/system-variables.md#tidb_executor_concurrency-new-in-v50).
```
